README.md, before:

# Projects API

## Running the project locally

## MailerLite Integration

This service integrates with MailerLite to manage subscriber onboarding. When a user registers, they are automatically added to a MailerLite onboarding group.

### Required Environment Variables

Add these environment variables to your `.env` file:

```bash
# MailerLite Configuration
APP_MAILERLITE_API_KEY=your_mailerlite_api_key_here
APP_MAILERLITE_ONBOARDING_GROUP_ID=your_onboarding_group_id_here
```

### Getting MailerLite Credentials

1. **API Key**: Get your API key from MailerLite Dashboard → Settings → Developer API
2. **Group ID**: Create an "Onboarding" group in MailerLite and note the group ID

### How It Works

1. When a user registers via Google Auth, the `EnqueueUserOnboardingStart` task is created
2. The worker processes this task after a 30-minute delay
3. The handler creates/updates the subscriber in MailerLite using their email and full name
4. The subscriber is then added to the configured onboarding group
5. If MailerLite integration fails, it's logged but doesn't fail the entire onboarding process

Commit message:

feat: enhance MailerLite integration for user onboarding
- Updated MailerLite service to include error handling for subscriber creation and group assignment.
- Refactored onboarding handler to utilize a dedicated method for MailerLite operations, improving code clarity.
- Enhanced README documentation to outline the architecture and responsibilities of the MailerLite integration.
- Configured onboarding group ID with a default value in the worker service for improved reliability.

README.md, after:

# Projects API

## Running the project locally

## MailerLite Integration

This service integrates with MailerLite to manage subscriber onboarding. When a user registers, they are automatically added to a MailerLite onboarding group.

### Required Environment Variables

Add these environment variables to your `.env` file:

```bash
# MailerLite Configuration
APP_MAILERLITE_API_KEY=your_mailerlite_api_key_here
APP_MAILERLITE_ONBOARDING_GROUP_ID=your_onboarding_group_id_here
```

### Getting MailerLite Credentials

1. **API Key**: Get your API key from MailerLite Dashboard → Settings → Developer API
2. **Group ID**: Create an "Onboarding" group in MailerLite and note the group ID

### How It Works

1. When a user registers via Google Auth, the `EnqueueUserOnboardingStart` task is created
2. The worker processes this task after a 30-minute delay
3. The onboarding handler uses the MailerLite service to:
   - Create/update the subscriber in MailerLite using their email and full name
   - Add the subscriber to the configured onboarding group
4. If MailerLite integration fails, it's logged but doesn't fail the entire onboarding process

### Architecture

The MailerLite integration follows a clean separation of concerns:

- **MailerLite Service** (`pkg/mailerlite`): Provides generic methods for subscriber management and group assignment
- **Onboarding Handler** (`internal/taskhandlers/onboarding.go`): Contains business logic for adding users to the onboarding group
- **Worker Configuration**: Manages API credentials and group IDs through environment variables
