apps/docs/content/docs/administration/workspace/general.mdx, before:

---
title: General
description: Configure fundamental settings for your Complexus workspace, including its name, URL, feature availability, and workspace deletion.
---

## Workspace Identity

These settings define the basic information and operational parameters for your entire Complexus workspace.

### Name and URL

- **Name**: This is the primary display name for your workspace. It appears in the UI, notifications, and browser tabs, helping users identify the workspace they are currently in.
- **URL (read-only)**: This is the unique web address for your workspace (e.g., `your-company.complexus.app`). It is set during the initial workspace creation and cannot be changed afterwards from this panel.

## Workspace Features

You can enable or disable core Complexus modules for your workspace to tailor the platform to your team's needs. Disabling a feature will typically hide it from the workspace UI for all users. Existing data for disabled features is preserved but becomes inaccessible until the feature is re-enabled.

| Feature     | Description                                                                  | Control       |
| :---------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------ |
| Objectives  | Track high-level goals and align your team's work towards desired outcomes.  | Toggle On/Off |
| Sprints     | Organize work into time-boxed periods, commonly used in Agile methodologies. | Toggle On/Off |
| Key Results | Define and measure progress towards your Objectives with specific metrics.   | Toggle On/Off |

## Delete Workspace

You can also delete your workspace from this page. Ths process is not reversible.

Commit message:

refactor: update all documentation references from "Complexus" to "Forty One" for consistent branding and improved user experience

apps/docs/content/docs/administration/workspace/general.mdx, after:

---
title: General
description: Configure fundamental settings for your Forty One workspace, including its name, URL, feature availability, and workspace deletion.
---

## Workspace Identity

These settings define the basic information and operational parameters for your entire Forty One workspace.

### Name and URL

- **Name**: This is the primary display name for your workspace. It appears in the UI, notifications, and browser tabs, helping users identify the workspace they are currently in.
- **URL (read-only)**: This is the unique web address for your workspace (e.g., `your-company.complexus.app`). It is set during the initial workspace creation and cannot be changed afterwards from this panel.

## Workspace Features

You can enable or disable core Forty One modules for your workspace to tailor the platform to your team's needs. Disabling a feature will typically hide it from the workspace UI for all users. Existing data for disabled features is preserved but becomes inaccessible until the feature is re-enabled.

| Feature     | Description                                                                  | Control       |
| :---------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------ |
| Objectives  | Track high-level goals and align your team's work towards desired outcomes.  | Toggle On/Off |
| Sprints     | Organize work into time-boxed periods, commonly used in Agile methodologies. | Toggle On/Off |
| Key Results | Define and measure progress towards your Objectives with specific metrics.   | Toggle On/Off |

## Delete Workspace

You can also delete your workspace from this page. Ths process is not reversible.
