apps/docs/content/docs/administration/workspace/terminology.mdx, before:

---
title: Terminology
description: Customize the terminology used for core concepts like Stories, Sprints, and Objectives throughout your Complexus workspace.
---

## Customize Workspace Terminology

Complexus allows you to adapt its vocabulary to match the language your team already uses. This helps with adoption and ensures the platform feels familiar.

### Configurable Terms

From the Terminology Preferences, you can customize the names for key entities within Complexus. The following terms are typically configurable:

| Default Term    | Customizable To (Examples) | Description                                                                                                  |
| :-------------- | :------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Stories**     | Issue, Task                | Small, actionable units of work in your system.                                                              |
| **Sprints**     | Iteration, Cycle           | Time-boxed periods for completing a set of work items.                                                       |
| **Objectives**  | Goal, Project              | High-level goals that define what you want to achieve.                                                       |
| **Key Results** | Focus Area, Milestone      | Measurable outcomes that track progress towards Objectives. (Can be Focus Area, Milestone as per screenshot) |

### Terminology Preview

A helpful "Terminology Preview" section often shows how your selected terms will appear in various parts of the application, such as:

- Navigation items (e.g., "My stories")
- Section titles (e.g., "Active sprints", "All objectives")
- Button labels (e.g., "Create Objective", "Start Sprint", "Create Story", "Add Key result")
- Informational text (e.g., "Track key results")

Commit message:

refactor: update all documentation references from "Complexus" to "Forty One" for consistent branding and improved user experience

apps/docs/content/docs/administration/workspace/terminology.mdx, after:

---
title: Terminology
description: Customize the terminology used for core concepts like Stories, Sprints, and Objectives throughout your Forty One workspace.
---

## Customize Workspace Terminology

Forty One allows you to adapt its vocabulary to match the language your team already uses. This helps with adoption and ensures the platform feels familiar.

### Configurable Terms

From the Terminology Preferences, you can customize the names for key entities within Forty One. The following terms are typically configurable:

| Default Term    | Customizable To (Examples) | Description                                                                                                  |
| :-------------- | :------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Stories**     | Issue, Task                | Small, actionable units of work in your system.                                                              |
| **Sprints**     | Iteration, Cycle           | Time-boxed periods for completing a set of work items.                                                       |
| **Objectives**  | Goal, Project              | High-level goals that define what you want to achieve.                                                       |
| **Key Results** | Focus Area, Milestone      | Measurable outcomes that track progress towards Objectives. (Can be Focus Area, Milestone as per screenshot) |

### Terminology Preview

A helpful "Terminology Preview" section often shows how your selected terms will appear in various parts of the application, such as:

- Navigation items (e.g., "My stories")
- Section titles (e.g., "Active sprints", "All objectives")
- Button labels (e.g., "Create Objective", "Start Sprint", "Create Story", "Add Key result")
- Informational text (e.g., "Track key results")
