apps/docs/content/docs/start-here/set-up-your-workspace.mdx, before:

---
title: Set Up Your Workspace
description: Configure your new FortyOne workspace and take your first steps towards productivity.
---

Welcome to your new FortyOne workspace! Now that your central hub is created, let's walk through a few essential first steps to get you and your team up and running smoothly.

## 1. Create Your Workspace (If You Haven't Already)

Workspace creation is the foundational step when you sign up for FortyOne. If you're just starting, ensure you've completed the sign-up process to establish your dedicated workspace.

Once your workspace is active, you can proceed with the following setup actions.

## 2. Invite Your Team Members

FortyOne shines when your team collaborates. Inviting your colleagues is a critical next step:

- **Why it matters**: Shared visibility, better communication, and aligned efforts on projects and objectives.
- **How to do it**: You can invite members during the initial onboarding process or at any time afterwards. Look for options to invite team members via keyboard shortcuts `Cmd + I`, dedicated buttons in the sidebar or workspace menu.

![Invite members](/teams/invite.png)

## 3. Familiarize Yourself with the FortyOne UI

Take a moment to explore the main areas of the FortyOne interface. Understanding the layout will help you navigate efficiently:

- **Sidebar (Left)**: Your primary navigation hub. Access your work (My Work, Stories, etc.), Objectives, Sprints, Teams, and other modules.
- **Workspace Switcher & Menu (Top-Left)**: Click your current workspace name to switch between workspaces (if you have multiple), create a new workspace, access workspace settings, or invite members.
- **Command Menu (via `Cmd+K` / `Ctrl+K`)**: Quickly find anything or execute commands. Search for stories, objectives, projects, navigate to different parts of the app, or access settings.
- **User Profile & Settings (Top-Right)**: Access your personal account settings, profile, notifications, and log out.

![Placeholder overview of the FortyOne main UI areas](/command.png "FortyOne Main UI Overview")

## 4. Create Your First Team (If Applicable)

Teams in FortyOne help organize members and their work (like Sprints and Objectives) into logical groups (e.g., Engineering, Marketing, Product).

- If your work naturally falls into distinct teams, creating them early can be beneficial.
- **How to Create a Team**:
  - **Primary Method**: Navigate to **Settings**. From there, go to the **Workspace** section, select **Teams**, and then click on **"Create a team"**.
  - **Sidebar Shortcut**: Under the "Your Teams" heading in the main sidebar, look for a menu. This menu should provide a quick link to the "Manage Teams" or "Create new team" page, which will take you to the same team creation area within Settings.
- You'll typically be asked to provide:
  - **Team Name**: A descriptive name for your team (e.g., "Frontend Engineers", "Growth Marketing").
  - **Team Code**: A short prefix for team-specific items, like Stories (e.g., ENG, MKT).
  - **Team Color**: To visually distinguish the team within the workspace.
  - **Privacy Settings**: You may have options to set the team as private (visible only to members and admins) or public.

## 5. Create Your First Story

The best way to learn is by doing! Let's create your first work item, typically called a "Story" in FortyOne (this term might be customized in your workspace).

- **How**: Look for a prominent **`Create Story`** button, often in the header or sidebar. Alternatively, use the universal keyboard shortcut (often `Shift+N`).
- **Fill in the basics**: Give it a title (e.g., "Draft initial project plan"), a brief description, and assign it to yourself.
- Don't worry about all the fields yet; just get a feel for the creation process.

This will help you see how work is captured and appears in lists or boards.

## Next Steps

With these initial steps completed, you're well on your way!

Consider exploring these areas next:

- Dive deeper into **[Product Guide](../product-guide/stories)** like managing Stories, Objectives, and Sprints.
- Understand key **[Concepts](../concepts)** that underpin FortyOne.
- Customize your **[Workspace Settings](../administration/workspace-settings)**.

Welcome aboard!

Commit message:

refactor: Replace all instances of "Stories" with "Tasks" throughout the documentation and application for consistency in terminology

apps/docs/content/docs/start-here/set-up-your-workspace.mdx, after:

---
title: Set Up Your Workspace
description: Configure your new FortyOne workspace and take your first steps towards productivity.
---

Welcome to your new FortyOne workspace! Now that your central hub is created, let's walk through a few essential first steps to get you and your team up and running smoothly.

## 1. Create Your Workspace (If You Haven't Already)

Workspace creation is the foundational step when you sign up for FortyOne. If you're just starting, ensure you've completed the sign-up process to establish your dedicated workspace.

Once your workspace is active, you can proceed with the following setup actions.

## 2. Invite Your Team Members

FortyOne shines when your team collaborates. Inviting your colleagues is a critical next step:

- **Why it matters**: Shared visibility, better communication, and aligned efforts on projects and objectives.
- **How to do it**: You can invite members during the initial onboarding process or at any time afterwards. Look for options to invite team members via keyboard shortcuts `Cmd + I`, dedicated buttons in the sidebar or workspace menu.

![Invite members](/teams/invite.png)

## 3. Familiarize Yourself with the FortyOne UI

Take a moment to explore the main areas of the FortyOne interface. Understanding the layout will help you navigate efficiently:

- **Sidebar (Left)**: Your primary navigation hub. Access your work (My Work, Tasks, etc.), Objectives, Sprints, Teams, and other modules.
- **Workspace Switcher & Menu (Top-Left)**: Click your current workspace name to switch between workspaces (if you have multiple), create a new workspace, access workspace settings, or invite members.
- **Command Menu (via `Cmd+K` / `Ctrl+K`)**: Quickly find anything or execute commands. Search for tasks, objectives, projects, navigate to different parts of the app, or access settings.
- **User Profile & Settings (Top-Right)**: Access your personal account settings, profile, notifications, and log out.

![Placeholder overview of the FortyOne main UI areas](/command.png "FortyOne Main UI Overview")

## 4. Create Your First Team (If Applicable)

Teams in FortyOne help organize members and their work (like Sprints and Objectives) into logical groups (e.g., Engineering, Marketing, Product).

- If your work naturally falls into distinct teams, creating them early can be beneficial.
- **How to Create a Team**:
  - **Primary Method**: Navigate to **Settings**. From there, go to the **Workspace** section, select **Teams**, and then click on **"Create a team"**.
  - **Sidebar Shortcut**: Under the "Your Teams" heading in the main sidebar, look for a menu. This menu should provide a quick link to the "Manage Teams" or "Create new team" page, which will take you to the same team creation area within Settings.
- You'll typically be asked to provide:
  - **Team Name**: A descriptive name for your team (e.g., "Frontend Engineers", "Growth Marketing").
- **Team Code**: A short prefix for team-specific items, like Tasks (e.g., ENG, MKT).
  - **Team Color**: To visually distinguish the team within the workspace.
  - **Privacy Settings**: You may have options to set the team as private (visible only to members and admins) or public.

## 5. Create Your First Task

The best way to learn is by doing! Let's create your first work item, typically called a "Task" in FortyOne (this term might be customized in your workspace).

- **How**: Look for a prominent **`Create Task`** button, often in the header or sidebar. Alternatively, use the universal keyboard shortcut (often `Shift+N`).
- **Fill in the basics**: Give it a title (e.g., "Draft initial project plan"), a brief description, and assign it to yourself.
- Don't worry about all the fields yet; just get a feel for the creation process.

This will help you see how work is captured and appears in lists or boards.

## Next Steps

With these initial steps completed, you're well on your way!

Consider exploring these areas next:

- Dive deeper into **[Product Guide](../product-guide/tasks)** like managing Tasks, Objectives, and Sprints.
- Understand key **[Concepts](../concepts)** that underpin FortyOne.
- Customize your **[Workspace Settings](../administration/workspace-settings)**.

Welcome aboard!
