apps/docs/content/docs/administration/features/labels.mdx, before:

---
title: Labels
description: Manage workspace-level labels to categorize and organize your stories in FortyOne.
---

## Labels

Labels help you categorize, filter, and manage stories within your workspace. You can create and manage a central set of labels that can be applied to any story across different projects or teams.

### Managing Labels

- **View Existing Labels**: A list of all currently defined workspace labels will be displayed, showing the label's name and color.
- **Create New Labels**:
  - Click the `Create Label` button (or similar, e.g., "+ New Label").
  - You will need to provide:
    - **Name**: The text that appears on the label (e.g., "Bug", "Feature Request", "High Priority").
    - **Color**: Choose a distinct color for the label for easy visual identification.
- **Edit Existing Labels**: Select a label from the list to modify its name or color.
- **Delete Labels**: Remove labels that are no longer needed. Be mindful that deleting a label will remove it from all stories it was previously applied to.

### Using Labels

Once created, these workspace labels will be available in the story creation/editing view, allowing users to assign one or more relevant labels to each story.

Commit message:

refactor: Replace all instances of "Stories" with "Tasks" throughout the documentation and application for consistency in terminology

apps/docs/content/docs/administration/features/labels.mdx, after:

---
title: Labels
description: Manage workspace-level labels to categorize and organize your tasks in FortyOne.
---

## Labels

Labels help you categorize, filter, and manage tasks within your workspace. You can create and manage a central set of labels that can be applied to any task across different projects or teams.

### Managing Labels

- **View Existing Labels**: A list of all currently defined workspace labels will be displayed, showing the label's name and color.
- **Create New Labels**:
  - Click the `Create Label` button (or similar, e.g., "+ New Label").
  - You will need to provide:
    - **Name**: The text that appears on the label (e.g., "Bug", "Feature Request", "High Priority").
    - **Color**: Choose a distinct color for the label for easy visual identification.
- **Edit Existing Labels**: Select a label from the list to modify its name or color.
- **Delete Labels**: Remove labels that are no longer needed. Be mindful that deleting a label will remove it from all tasks it was previously applied to.

### Using Labels

Once created, these workspace labels will be available in the task creation/editing view, allowing users to assign one or more relevant labels to each task.
