apps/docs/content/docs/roles-and-permissions.mdx, before:

---
title: Roles and Permissions
description: Understand user roles and their permissions within Complexus to manage your workspace effectively.
---

import { Callout } from "fumadocs-ui/components/callout";
import { Cards, Card } from "fumadocs-ui/components/card";
import { Accordion, Accordions } from "fumadocs-ui/components/accordion";

## Overview of Roles in Complexus

Complexus uses a role-based access control system to ensure that users have appropriate access to workspace features and data. Assigning roles helps maintain security, streamline workflows, and manage collaboration effectively.

There are three primary roles available:

- **Admin**
- **Member**
- **Guest**

## Role Definitions and Permissions

Below is a detailed breakdown of each role and its associated permissions within Complexus.

### Admin

Admins have the highest level of access and control over the workspace. They are typically responsible for overall workspace management, billing, and user administration.

**Key Permissions for Admins:**

- Full access to all workspace data, settings, and features.
- Manage billing, subscriptions, and payment information.
- Configure global workspace settings (e.g., custom terminology, integrations, security policies).
- Invite new users to the workspace.
- Assign and change roles for any user (including promoting Members to Admins or demoting users).
- Remove users from the workspace.
- Manage team creation.
- Access and manage API tokens.
- Delete the entire workspace.

### Member

Members are standard users within the workspace who can actively create, edit, and collaborate on work items. This is the most common role for team members contributing to objectives.

**Key Permissions for Members:**

- Create, edit, delete, and manage stories, objectives, key results, and other work items.
- Comment on items and collaborate with other users.
- Join public teams and view information relevant to their assigned work and teams.
- Cannot access workspace-level administrative settings such as billing, global workspace configuration, or manage other users' roles.

### Guest

Guests have limited, read-only access to the workspace. This role is designed for external collaborators, clients, or stakeholders who need to view progress or specific information without having editing capabilities.

**Key Characteristics of Guests:**

- **Read-Only Access**: Guests can view specific items or sections of the workspace they have been explicitly invited to or granted access to. They cannot create, edit, or delete work items.
- **Collaboration**: They are able to leave comments on specific items.
- **Cost**: Inviting Guests to your workspace is free of charge.
- **Plan Availability**: The Guest role is exclusively available on **paid subscription plans** (e.g., Pro, Business, Enterprise). Workspaces on a free plan cannot invite or utilize Guest users.

## Permissions Comparison Table

| Feature / Action                     | Admin | Member | Guest     |
| :----------------------------------- | :---- | :----- | :-------- |
| **Workspace Management**             |       |        |           |
| Access Billing & Subscription        | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Configure Workspace Settings         | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Invite New Users                     | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Manage User Roles                    | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Remove Users from Workspace          | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Delete Workspace                     | Yes   | No     | No        |
| **Work Item Management**             |       |        |           |
| Create Stories/Objectives            | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Edit Stories/Objectives              | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Delete Stories/Objectives            | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Comment on Items                     | Yes   | Yes    | Yes       |
| **Collaboration & Access**           |       |        |           |
| View All Public Project Data         | Yes   | Yes    | Limited\* |
| Join Public Teams                    | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Access Private Team Data (if member) | Yes   | Yes    | Limited\* |

- `*` _Members require admin invitation as they count towards workspace billing._
- `*` _Guest comment and data visibility are strictly limited to what they are explicitly granted access to by an Admin._

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

<Accordions type="single">
  <Accordion title="How do I change a user's role?">
    An Admin can change a user's role from the user management or workspace
    settings section.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Can Guests see all the information that Members can?">
    No. Guests have read-only access and can only see items or areas they have
    been specifically invited to or granted permission to view.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="How many Admins can a workspace have?">
    A workspace can have multiple Admins. It is recommended to have at least two
    Admins for continuity.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="What happens if our paid plan is downgraded to a free plan regarding Guest access?">
    If a workspace on a paid plan with Guest users is downgraded to a free plan,
    existing Guest users' capabilities will be limited, as the full Guest role
    is a feature of paid plans. New Guests cannot be invited on a free plan.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Can Members invite Guests?">
    No, only Admins can invite Guests to the workspace.
  </Accordion>
</Accordions>

Commit message:

refactor: update all documentation references from "Complexus" to "Forty One" for consistent branding and improved user experience

apps/docs/content/docs/roles-and-permissions.mdx, after:

---
title: Roles and Permissions
description: Understand user roles and their permissions within Forty One to manage your workspace effectively.
---

import { Callout } from "fumadocs-ui/components/callout";
import { Cards, Card } from "fumadocs-ui/components/card";
import { Accordion, Accordions } from "fumadocs-ui/components/accordion";

## Overview of Roles in Forty One

Forty One uses a role-based access control system to ensure that users have appropriate access to workspace features and data. Assigning roles helps maintain security, streamline workflows, and manage collaboration effectively.

There are three primary roles available:

- **Admin**
- **Member**
- **Guest**

## Role Definitions and Permissions

Below is a detailed breakdown of each role and its associated permissions within Forty One.

### Admin

Admins have the highest level of access and control over the workspace. They are typically responsible for overall workspace management, billing, and user administration.

**Key Permissions for Admins:**

- Full access to all workspace data, settings, and features.
- Manage billing, subscriptions, and payment information.
- Configure global workspace settings (e.g., custom terminology, integrations, security policies).
- Invite new users to the workspace.
- Assign and change roles for any user (including promoting Members to Admins or demoting users).
- Remove users from the workspace.
- Manage team creation.
- Access and manage API tokens.
- Delete the entire workspace.

### Member

Members are standard users within the workspace who can actively create, edit, and collaborate on work items. This is the most common role for team members contributing to objectives.

**Key Permissions for Members:**

- Create, edit, delete, and manage stories, objectives, key results, and other work items.
- Comment on items and collaborate with other users.
- Join public teams and view information relevant to their assigned work and teams.
- Cannot access workspace-level administrative settings such as billing, global workspace configuration, or manage other users' roles.

### Guest

Guests have limited, read-only access to the workspace. This role is designed for external collaborators, clients, or stakeholders who need to view progress or specific information without having editing capabilities.

**Key Characteristics of Guests:**

- **Read-Only Access**: Guests can view specific items or sections of the workspace they have been explicitly invited to or granted access to. They cannot create, edit, or delete work items.
- **Collaboration**: They are able to leave comments on specific items.
- **Cost**: Inviting Guests to your workspace is free of charge.
- **Plan Availability**: The Guest role is exclusively available on **paid subscription plans** (e.g., Pro, Business, Enterprise). Workspaces on a free plan cannot invite or utilize Guest users.

## Permissions Comparison Table

| Feature / Action                     | Admin | Member | Guest     |
| :----------------------------------- | :---- | :----- | :-------- |
| **Workspace Management**             |       |        |           |
| Access Billing & Subscription        | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Configure Workspace Settings         | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Invite New Users                     | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Manage User Roles                    | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Remove Users from Workspace          | Yes   | No     | No        |
| Delete Workspace                     | Yes   | No     | No        |
| **Work Item Management**             |       |        |           |
| Create Stories/Objectives            | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Edit Stories/Objectives              | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Delete Stories/Objectives            | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Comment on Items                     | Yes   | Yes    | Yes       |
| **Collaboration & Access**           |       |        |           |
| View All Public Project Data         | Yes   | Yes    | Limited\* |
| Join Public Teams                    | Yes   | Yes    | No        |
| Access Private Team Data (if member) | Yes   | Yes    | Limited\* |

- `*` _Members require admin invitation as they count towards workspace billing._
- `*` _Guest comment and data visibility are strictly limited to what they are explicitly granted access to by an Admin._

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

<Accordions type="single">
  <Accordion title="How do I change a user's role?">
    An Admin can change a user's role from the user management or workspace
    settings section.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Can Guests see all the information that Members can?">
    No. Guests have read-only access and can only see items or areas they have
    been specifically invited to or granted permission to view.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="How many Admins can a workspace have?">
    A workspace can have multiple Admins. It is recommended to have at least two
    Admins for continuity.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="What happens if our paid plan is downgraded to a free plan regarding Guest access?">
    If a workspace on a paid plan with Guest users is downgraded to a free plan,
    existing Guest users' capabilities will be limited, as the full Guest role
    is a feature of paid plans. New Guests cannot be invited on a free plan.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Can Members invite Guests?">
    No, only Admins can invite Guests to the workspace.
  </Accordion>
</Accordions>
