apps/docs/content/docs/product-guide/key-results.mdx, before:

---
title: Key Results
description: Track the measurable outcomes of your Complexus Objectives with Key Results.
---

Key Results (KRs) in Complexus are the specific, measurable outcomes that indicate whether an Objective is being achieved. They are a core component of the popular OKR (Objectives and Key Results) framework, and are sometimes referred to simply as "Objective Key Results." They break down your high-level goals into quantifiable targets, making progress tangible and transparent.

## What is a Key Result?

A Key Result defines what success looks like for a part of your Objective. It should be:

- **Specific**: Clearly define what will be measured.
- **Measurable**: Must be quantifiable, either as a number, percentage, or a binary state (complete/incomplete).
- **Achievable**: Realistic given your resources and constraints.
- **Relevant**: Directly contributes to the success of the parent Objective.
- **Time-bound**: Often implicitly tied to the Objective's timeframe, though individual KRs might have their own milestones.

## Creating Key Results

You can create Key Results in Complexus in two main ways:

1.  **When Creating a New Objective**: The "New Objective" dialog allows you to add Key Results inline as you define the objective itself.
    ![Adding a Key Result inline in the Complexus New Objective dialog](/objectives/create-with-kr.png)

    - After providing the Objective's name and description, you can click `Add Key result`.
    - An inline form appears where you define the KR's Name, how it's Measured as (Number, Percentage, Boolean), and its Starting/Target Values (for Number type).

2.  **From an Existing Objective's Detail Page**: If an Objective already exists, you can add Key Results to it directly from its detail page.
    - Navigate to the Objective's detail page.
    - In the "Key Results" section, click the `Add Key Result` button.
    - This will open a "Create Key Result" dialog.

### The "Create Key Result" Dialog

Whether adding inline or via the dedicated dialog, you'll define the following for each Key Result:

- **Name**: A clear description of the measurable outcome (e.g., "Increase user-base from 60k to 90k", "Onboard at least 10 beta testers by end of April").
- **Measurement Type**: How the Key Result will be tracked. This is a critical choice:
  - **Number**: Track progress towards a numerical target. You will define:
    - **Starting Value**: The baseline value when tracking begins.
    - **Target Value**: The desired value to achieve.
  - **Percentage (0-100%)**: Track progress as a percentage from 0% to 100%.
    - You will typically update the current percentage value directly.
  - **Boolean (Complete/Incomplete)**: Track a binary state.
    - **Current Value**: Toggled between "Incomplete" and "Complete". This usually translates to 0% or 100% progress for that KR.

## Viewing and Updating Key Results

On an Objective's detail page, all its Key Results are listed, showing key information at a glance:

![List of Key Results on the Complexus Objective Detail page, showing progress and options menu](/objectives/kr.png)

For each Key Result, you typically see:

- Its **Name** and when it was last updated / who updated it.
- The **Current** value/status.
- The **Target** value (if applicable, e.g., for Number type KRs).
- A **Progress** bar and percentage, visually representing its completion.

### Updating Progress

On each KR there is a menu button that allows you to update or delete a Key Result.

- **Update progress**: This opens a dialog like "Update Key Result Progress" where you can input the new **Current Value**. The system then recalculates the progress. You can also update fields on the same dialog.
- **Delete**: Used to remove the Key Result (use with caution, as this may affect Objective progress data).

By diligently defining and updating your Key Results, you ensure that your progress towards strategic Complexus Objectives is always clear and data-driven.

Commit message:

refactor: update all documentation references from "Complexus" to "Forty One" for consistent branding and improved user experience

apps/docs/content/docs/product-guide/key-results.mdx, after:

---
title: Key Results
description: Track the measurable outcomes of your Forty One Objectives with Key Results.
---

Key Results (KRs) in Forty One are the specific, measurable outcomes that indicate whether an Objective is being achieved. They are a core component of the popular OKR (Objectives and Key Results) framework, and are sometimes referred to simply as "Objective Key Results." They break down your high-level goals into quantifiable targets, making progress tangible and transparent.

## What is a Key Result?

A Key Result defines what success looks like for a part of your Objective. It should be:

- **Specific**: Clearly define what will be measured.
- **Measurable**: Must be quantifiable, either as a number, percentage, or a binary state (complete/incomplete).
- **Achievable**: Realistic given your resources and constraints.
- **Relevant**: Directly contributes to the success of the parent Objective.
- **Time-bound**: Often implicitly tied to the Objective's timeframe, though individual KRs might have their own milestones.

## Creating Key Results

You can create Key Results in Forty One in two main ways:

1.  **When Creating a New Objective**: The "New Objective" dialog allows you to add Key Results inline as you define the objective itself.
    ![Adding a Key Result inline in the Forty One New Objective dialog](/objectives/create-with-kr.png)

    - After providing the Objective's name and description, you can click `Add Key result`.
    - An inline form appears where you define the KR's Name, how it's Measured as (Number, Percentage, Boolean), and its Starting/Target Values (for Number type).

2.  **From an Existing Objective's Detail Page**: If an Objective already exists, you can add Key Results to it directly from its detail page.
    - Navigate to the Objective's detail page.
    - In the "Key Results" section, click the `Add Key Result` button.
    - This will open a "Create Key Result" dialog.

### The "Create Key Result" Dialog

Whether adding inline or via the dedicated dialog, you'll define the following for each Key Result:

- **Name**: A clear description of the measurable outcome (e.g., "Increase user-base from 60k to 90k", "Onboard at least 10 beta testers by end of April").
- **Measurement Type**: How the Key Result will be tracked. This is a critical choice:
  - **Number**: Track progress towards a numerical target. You will define:
    - **Starting Value**: The baseline value when tracking begins.
    - **Target Value**: The desired value to achieve.
  - **Percentage (0-100%)**: Track progress as a percentage from 0% to 100%.
    - You will typically update the current percentage value directly.
  - **Boolean (Complete/Incomplete)**: Track a binary state.
    - **Current Value**: Toggled between "Incomplete" and "Complete". This usually translates to 0% or 100% progress for that KR.

## Viewing and Updating Key Results

On an Objective's detail page, all its Key Results are listed, showing key information at a glance:

![List of Key Results on the Forty One Objective Detail page, showing progress and options menu](/objectives/kr.png)

For each Key Result, you typically see:

- Its **Name** and when it was last updated / who updated it.
- The **Current** value/status.
- The **Target** value (if applicable, e.g., for Number type KRs).
- A **Progress** bar and percentage, visually representing its completion.

### Updating Progress

On each KR there is a menu button that allows you to update or delete a Key Result.

- **Update progress**: This opens a dialog like "Update Key Result Progress" where you can input the new **Current Value**. The system then recalculates the progress. You can also update fields on the same dialog.
- **Delete**: Used to remove the Key Result (use with caution, as this may affect Objective progress data).

By diligently defining and updating your Key Results, you ensure that your progress towards strategic Forty One Objectives is always clear and data-driven.
