apps/docs/content/docs/product-guide/objectives.mdx, before:

---
title: Objectives
description: Define, track, and achieve your strategic goals with Complexus Objectives.
---

Objectives in Complexus are high-level goals that your team or organization aims to achieve. They provide direction, align efforts, and help measure progress towards your strategic ambitions. Objectives can be broken down into measurable Key Results, ensuring clarity and focus.

![Complexus Objectives List View with multiple objectives and priority editing](/objectives/objectives.png)

You can quickly create a new objective using the `Shift + O` keyboard shortcut or by searching "New objective" in the command bar (`Cmd+K` or `Ctrl+K`).

## Understanding Objectives

Objectives are designed to give a clear overview of your strategic goals and their progress. You can view all objectives or filter them by specific teams.

### The Objectives List

When you navigate to the Objectives page (From both the main objectives page or team objectives), you'll see a list of all objectives you have access to. Each objective in the list provides a quick overview of its key details:

Key information visible from the list includes:

| Property        | Description                                                                                |
| :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Name**        | The title of the objective. Click to open the detailed view.                               |
| **Team**        | The team associated with the objective (if viewing all objectives).                        |
| **Lead**        | The user responsible for driving the objective. Represented by an avatar.                  |
| **Progress**    | Visualized as a percentage, indicating overall objective completion.                       |
| **Status**      | The current stage of the objective (e.g., To Do, Started, Achieved). Click to change.      |
| **Priority**    | The importance level (e.g., No Priority, Low, Medium, High, Urgent). Click to change.      |
| **Target Date** | The intended completion date for the objective. Click to change.                           |
| **Health**      | An indicator of whether the objective is On Track, At Risk, or Off Track. Click to change. |

### Navigating to an Objective

To view the full details of an objective, simply click on its name in the Objectives List.

## Creating a New Complexus Objective

To create a new objective:

1.  Navigate to the "Objectives" page from the main sidebar, or use the `Shift + O` shortcut or the command bar.
2.  Click the `New Objective` button, usually located at the top right of the objectives list.
3.  The "New Objective" dialog will appear:

![Complexus New Objective dialog with inline Key Result creation](/objectives/create.png)

Here, you can:

- **Set the Name**: A clear, concise title (e.g., "Increase revenue by 20%").
- **Add a Description**: Provide more context if needed.
- **Assign Properties**: Quickly set initial values for:
  - Status (e.g., "To Do")
  - Priority
  - Start Date
  - Target Date
  - Lead (assign to a user)
- **Add Key Results**: Directly within this dialog, click `Add Key result` to define how you'll measure success. For each Key Result:
  - **Name**: Describe the measurable outcome (e.g., "Increase user adoption from 100 to 150").
  - **Measure as**: Choose from "Number", "Percentage", or "Boolean".
  - **Starting Value**: The baseline value.
  - **Target Value**: The desired outcome value.

4.  Click `Create Objective` to save.

## Viewing and Managing Complexus Objective Details

Opening an objective reveals its detailed view, typically organized into a main information area, a Key Results section, and a properties panel.

![Complexus Objective Detail page showing Summary, Key Results, and Properties Panel](/objectives/objective.png)

### Main Information & Summary

- **Title and Description**: The objective's name and its full description are displayed. The name and description can usually be edited inline.
- **Editable Properties**: Key attributes like Status, Priority, Lead, Start Date, and End Date are often displayed prominently near the title and can be clicked to edit.
- **Objective Summary**: A quick overview often includes:
  - **Overall Progress**: The total completion percentage of the objective.
  - **Key Results Progress**: The aggregated progress of all its Key Results.
  - **Deadline**: The target end date, often with an indicator if it has passed.
  - **Health**: The current health status (On Track, At Risk, Off Track).

### Key Results Section

This section lists all Key Results associated with the objective. You can add new Key Results directly from this view and update their progress. For a detailed guide on creating and managing Key Results, please see the [Key Results](./key-results).

Key Results are crucial for tracking the measurable outcomes of your objective.

### Stories Tab

Next to the "Overview" tab on an Objective's detail page, you will find a tab for linked work items (e.g., "Issues" or "Stories"). This tab displays all the Stories that are connected to the objective, providing a direct view of the tasks and efforts contributing to its achievement.

This view helps in:

- Understanding the granular work being done for the objective.
- Tracking the status of contributing tasks.
- Identifying potential blockers at the task level that might impact the objective.

### Properties Panel

A sidebar often contains additional information and controls:

- **Created by**: User who created the objective.
- **Status, Priority, Lead, Start/Target Date**.
- **Stories Overview**: This important section provides a summary of any Stories linked to the objective, showing their assignees, status, labels, and priority. This helps visualize how day-to-day work contributes to the larger goal.

## Understanding Key Results in Complexus

Key Results (KRs) are the specific, measurable outcomes that define what success looks like for an objective. They are integral to tracking progress and ensuring your objectives are met.

You can create Key Results when initially setting up an objective or add them later to an existing one.

For comprehensive information on how to define, measure, and manage Key Results, including different measurement types (Number, Percentage, Boolean) and how to update their progress, please refer to our dedicated [Key Results page](./key-results).

## Team Objectives

Complexus allows you to associate objectives with specific teams. This is useful for:

- **Focus**: Teams can concentrate on the objectives most relevant to their work.
- **Alignment**: Ensures team efforts contribute to broader organizational goals.
- **Clarity**: Provides a clear view of team responsibilities and performance.

You can view objectives for a specific team by navigating to that team's page and then to their "Objectives" page.

## Managing Objectives in Complexus

Once objectives are created, you can:

- **Update Details**: Modify any property (name, description, lead, dates, status, priority, health) as circumstances change, either from the list view or the detail page.
- **Track Progress**: Monitor the completion of Key Results and the overall health of the objective.
- **Link to Work**: Associate Stories or other work items directly to objectives or Key Results.

Objectives are a powerful tool in Complexus for setting direction and achieving your strategic goals. By defining clear objectives and measurable Key Results, you can keep your team aligned and focused on what matters most.

Commit message:

refactor: update all documentation references from "Complexus" to "Forty One" for consistent branding and improved user experience

apps/docs/content/docs/product-guide/objectives.mdx, after:

---
title: Objectives
description: Define, track, and achieve your strategic goals with Forty One Objectives.
---

Objectives in Forty One are high-level goals that your team or organization aims to achieve. They provide direction, align efforts, and help measure progress towards your strategic ambitions. Objectives can be broken down into measurable Key Results, ensuring clarity and focus.

![Forty One Objectives List View with multiple objectives and priority editing](/objectives/objectives.png)

You can quickly create a new objective using the `Shift + O` keyboard shortcut or by searching "New objective" in the command bar (`Cmd+K` or `Ctrl+K`).

## Understanding Objectives

Objectives are designed to give a clear overview of your strategic goals and their progress. You can view all objectives or filter them by specific teams.

### The Objectives List

When you navigate to the Objectives page (From both the main objectives page or team objectives), you'll see a list of all objectives you have access to. Each objective in the list provides a quick overview of its key details:

Key information visible from the list includes:

| Property        | Description                                                                                |
| :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Name**        | The title of the objective. Click to open the detailed view.                               |
| **Team**        | The team associated with the objective (if viewing all objectives).                        |
| **Lead**        | The user responsible for driving the objective. Represented by an avatar.                  |
| **Progress**    | Visualized as a percentage, indicating overall objective completion.                       |
| **Status**      | The current stage of the objective (e.g., To Do, Started, Achieved). Click to change.      |
| **Priority**    | The importance level (e.g., No Priority, Low, Medium, High, Urgent). Click to change.      |
| **Target Date** | The intended completion date for the objective. Click to change.                           |
| **Health**      | An indicator of whether the objective is On Track, At Risk, or Off Track. Click to change. |

### Navigating to an Objective

To view the full details of an objective, simply click on its name in the Objectives List.

## Creating a New Forty One Objective

To create a new objective:

1.  Navigate to the "Objectives" page from the main sidebar, or use the `Shift + O` shortcut or the command bar.
2.  Click the `New Objective` button, usually located at the top right of the objectives list.
3.  The "New Objective" dialog will appear:

![Forty One New Objective dialog with inline Key Result creation](/objectives/create.png)

Here, you can:

- **Set the Name**: A clear, concise title (e.g., "Increase revenue by 20%").
- **Add a Description**: Provide more context if needed.
- **Assign Properties**: Quickly set initial values for:
  - Status (e.g., "To Do")
  - Priority
  - Start Date
  - Target Date
  - Lead (assign to a user)
- **Add Key Results**: Directly within this dialog, click `Add Key result` to define how you'll measure success. For each Key Result:
  - **Name**: Describe the measurable outcome (e.g., "Increase user adoption from 100 to 150").
  - **Measure as**: Choose from "Number", "Percentage", or "Boolean".
  - **Starting Value**: The baseline value.
  - **Target Value**: The desired outcome value.

4.  Click `Create Objective` to save.

## Viewing and Managing Forty One Objective Details

Opening an objective reveals its detailed view, typically organized into a main information area, a Key Results section, and a properties panel.

![Forty One Objective Detail page showing Summary, Key Results, and Properties Panel](/objectives/objective.png)

### Main Information & Summary

- **Title and Description**: The objective's name and its full description are displayed. The name and description can usually be edited inline.
- **Editable Properties**: Key attributes like Status, Priority, Lead, Start Date, and End Date are often displayed prominently near the title and can be clicked to edit.
- **Objective Summary**: A quick overview often includes:
  - **Overall Progress**: The total completion percentage of the objective.
  - **Key Results Progress**: The aggregated progress of all its Key Results.
  - **Deadline**: The target end date, often with an indicator if it has passed.
  - **Health**: The current health status (On Track, At Risk, Off Track).

### Key Results Section

This section lists all Key Results associated with the objective. You can add new Key Results directly from this view and update their progress. For a detailed guide on creating and managing Key Results, please see the [Key Results](./key-results).

Key Results are crucial for tracking the measurable outcomes of your objective.

### Stories Tab

Next to the "Overview" tab on an Objective's detail page, you will find a tab for linked work items (e.g., "Issues" or "Stories"). This tab displays all the Stories that are connected to the objective, providing a direct view of the tasks and efforts contributing to its achievement.

This view helps in:

- Understanding the granular work being done for the objective.
- Tracking the status of contributing tasks.
- Identifying potential blockers at the task level that might impact the objective.

### Properties Panel

A sidebar often contains additional information and controls:

- **Created by**: User who created the objective.
- **Status, Priority, Lead, Start/Target Date**.
- **Stories Overview**: This important section provides a summary of any Stories linked to the objective, showing their assignees, status, labels, and priority. This helps visualize how day-to-day work contributes to the larger goal.

## Understanding Key Results in Forty One

Key Results (KRs) are the specific, measurable outcomes that define what success looks like for an objective. They are integral to tracking progress and ensuring your objectives are met.

You can create Key Results when initially setting up an objective or add them later to an existing one.

For comprehensive information on how to define, measure, and manage Key Results, including different measurement types (Number, Percentage, Boolean) and how to update their progress, please refer to our dedicated [Key Results page](./key-results).

## Team Objectives

Forty One allows you to associate objectives with specific teams. This is useful for:

- **Focus**: Teams can concentrate on the objectives most relevant to their work.
- **Alignment**: Ensures team efforts contribute to broader organizational goals.
- **Clarity**: Provides a clear view of team responsibilities and performance.

You can view objectives for a specific team by navigating to that team's page and then to their "Objectives" page.

## Managing Objectives in Forty One

Once objectives are created, you can:

- **Update Details**: Modify any property (name, description, lead, dates, status, priority, health) as circumstances change, either from the list view or the detail page.
- **Track Progress**: Monitor the completion of Key Results and the overall health of the objective.
- **Link to Work**: Associate Stories or other work items directly to objectives or Key Results.

Objectives are a powerful tool in Forty One for setting direction and achieving your strategic goals. By defining clear objectives and measurable Key Results, you can keep your team aligned and focused on what matters most.
