apps/docs/content/docs/product-guide/sprints.mdx, before:

---
title: Sprints
description: Plan, manage, and track your work effectively with Complexus Sprints.
---

Sprints in Complexus are fixed-length iterations during which a specific amount of work is planned to be completed. They provide a regular cadence for your team to deliver value, reflect on their process, and adapt. The term "Sprint" can be customized in your workspace settings (e.g., to "Iteration" or "Cycle").

## Understanding Sprints

Sprints help teams focus, predict upcoming work, and improve continuously. Each Sprint typically has a defined goal, a start and end date, and a collection of Stories (work items) that the team commits to completing.

## Creating a New Complexus Sprint

To create a new Sprint:

1.  Navigate to the Sprints section for a specific team (usually found under `Your Teams > [Team Name] > Sprints`).
2.  Click the `New Sprint` button (the exact text may vary based on your workspace terminology for "Sprint"). This button is typically in the header of the Sprints list.
3.  The "New Sprint" dialog will appear:

![Complexus New Sprint Dialog](/sprints/create.png)

In this dialog, you will define:

- **Team**: Pre-selected if you are creating from a specific team's Sprints page, or you can choose the relevant team.
- **Sprint Name**: A clear and descriptive name for the Sprint (e.g., "Alpha Release Sprint", "Sprint 24.3").
- **Sprint Goal**: (Optional) A brief description of what the team aims to achieve during this Sprint. This is a rich text field.
- **Start Date**: The date the Sprint will begin. This is required.
- **End Date**: The date the Sprint will end. This is required. Complexus will validate that these dates do not conflict with existing Sprints for the team.
- **Objective**: (Optional) You can link the Sprint to an existing Objective to show how this iteration contributes to broader strategic goals.

Once all necessary details are filled, click `Create Sprint`.

## Viewing Sprints

The main Sprints page for a team lists all its Sprints—past, active, and upcoming.

![Complexus Sprints List View for a Team](/sprints/list.png "Complexus Sprints List View")

For each Sprint in the list, you'll typically see:

- **Name**: The Sprint's name.
- **Dates**: The start and end dates of the Sprint.
- **Status**: A badge indicating if the Sprint is "Upcoming", "In Progress", or "Completed" (calculated based on current date and Sprint dates).
- **Progress**: A progress bar and percentage showing the proportion of completed Stories out of the total Stories in the Sprint.
- **Story Statistics**: Counts of Stories in different states (e.g., Done, Active, Todo, Backlog) within that Sprint.

Clicking on a Sprint name in this list will navigate you to its detailed view, often referred to as the Sprint Board.

## The Sprint Board

The detailed view for a specific Sprint is where you manage and track its progress. This view typically opens by default to the "Stories" associated with that Sprint.

This view is composed of several key areas:

### 1. Main Panel: Sprint Stories

This is where the Stories committed to the Sprint are displayed, either as a list or a Kanban board with columns representing different statuses.

- **Adding Stories**: Stories are typically added to Sprints during a planning phase or dragged from a backlog.
- **Managing Stories**: In the Kanban view, you can drag and drop Stories between status columns to update their progress.

### 2. Sprint Sidebar

The sidebar offers a comprehensive overview and management options for the active Sprint:

- **Sprint Name & Actions**: Displays the current Sprint's name.
  - A **More Options Menu** (usually a three-dot icon) provides actions like:
    - **Edit sprint**: Modify name, goal, dates, or linked Objective.
    - **Copy link**: Get a shareable link to this Sprint view.
    - **Favorite**: Mark the Sprint as a favorite.
    - **Delete sprint**: Remove the Sprint (use with caution).
- **Sprint Status & Dates**: Shows the calculated status (e.g., "In Progress") and the date range of the Sprint as badges.
- **Sprint Progress**: A progress bar and percentage indicating the overall completion of the Sprint based on its Stories.
- **Stories Overview Tabs**: A set of tabs providing insights into the Sprint's composition:
  - **Assignees**: Breakdown of Stories by who is assigned, with progress and counts for each user and for unassigned Stories.
  - **Status**: Breakdown of Stories by their current status (e.g., To Do, In Progress, Done), with progress and counts.
  - **Labels**: Breakdown of Stories by applied labels.
  - **Priority**: Breakdown of Stories by their priority level.

## Sprint Lifecycle Management

- **Planning Sprints**: Before a Sprint begins, teams typically hold a planning session to select Stories from the backlog and add them to the upcoming Sprint, ensuring the scope is achievable within the iteration timeframe.
- **Starting a Sprint**: While not explicitly detailed as a button in the explored code, a Sprint becomes "Active" or "In Progress" automatically when its `startDate` is reached.
- **Completing a Sprint**: A Sprint is considered "Completed" automatically when its `endDate` passes. Teams often hold a Sprint Review to demonstrate completed work and a Sprint Retrospective to discuss what went well and what could be improved.
  - **Handling Incomplete Work**: At the end of a Sprint, any unfinished Stories are typically moved back to the backlog or into the next Sprint, based on team discussion and prioritization.

Sprints in Complexus provide a robust framework for agile teams to deliver work incrementally and consistently.

Commit message:

refactor: update all documentation references from "Complexus" to "Forty One" for consistent branding and improved user experience

apps/docs/content/docs/product-guide/sprints.mdx, after:

---
title: Sprints
description: Plan, manage, and track your work effectively with Forty One Sprints.
---

Sprints in Forty One are fixed-length iterations during which a specific amount of work is planned to be completed. They provide a regular cadence for your team to deliver value, reflect on their process, and adapt. The term "Sprint" can be customized in your workspace settings (e.g., to "Iteration" or "Cycle").

## Understanding Sprints

Sprints help teams focus, predict upcoming work, and improve continuously. Each Sprint typically has a defined goal, a start and end date, and a collection of Stories (work items) that the team commits to completing.

## Creating a New Forty One Sprint

To create a new Sprint:

1.  Navigate to the Sprints section for a specific team (usually found under `Your Teams > [Team Name] > Sprints`).
2.  Click the `New Sprint` button (the exact text may vary based on your workspace terminology for "Sprint"). This button is typically in the header of the Sprints list.
3.  The "New Sprint" dialog will appear:

![Forty One New Sprint Dialog](/sprints/create.png)

In this dialog, you will define:

- **Team**: Pre-selected if you are creating from a specific team's Sprints page, or you can choose the relevant team.
- **Sprint Name**: A clear and descriptive name for the Sprint (e.g., "Alpha Release Sprint", "Sprint 24.3").
- **Sprint Goal**: (Optional) A brief description of what the team aims to achieve during this Sprint. This is a rich text field.
- **Start Date**: The date the Sprint will begin. This is required.
- **End Date**: The date the Sprint will end. This is required. Forty One will validate that these dates do not conflict with existing Sprints for the team.
- **Objective**: (Optional) You can link the Sprint to an existing Objective to show how this iteration contributes to broader strategic goals.

Once all necessary details are filled, click `Create Sprint`.

## Viewing Sprints

The main Sprints page for a team lists all its Sprints—past, active, and upcoming.

![Forty One Sprints List View for a Team](/sprints/list.png "Forty One Sprints List View")

For each Sprint in the list, you'll typically see:

- **Name**: The Sprint's name.
- **Dates**: The start and end dates of the Sprint.
- **Status**: A badge indicating if the Sprint is "Upcoming", "In Progress", or "Completed" (calculated based on current date and Sprint dates).
- **Progress**: A progress bar and percentage showing the proportion of completed Stories out of the total Stories in the Sprint.
- **Story Statistics**: Counts of Stories in different states (e.g., Done, Active, Todo, Backlog) within that Sprint.

Clicking on a Sprint name in this list will navigate you to its detailed view, often referred to as the Sprint Board.

## The Sprint Board

The detailed view for a specific Sprint is where you manage and track its progress. This view typically opens by default to the "Stories" associated with that Sprint.

This view is composed of several key areas:

### 1. Main Panel: Sprint Stories

This is where the Stories committed to the Sprint are displayed, either as a list or a Kanban board with columns representing different statuses.

- **Adding Stories**: Stories are typically added to Sprints during a planning phase or dragged from a backlog.
- **Managing Stories**: In the Kanban view, you can drag and drop Stories between status columns to update their progress.

### 2. Sprint Sidebar

The sidebar offers a comprehensive overview and management options for the active Sprint:

- **Sprint Name & Actions**: Displays the current Sprint's name.
  - A **More Options Menu** (usually a three-dot icon) provides actions like:
    - **Edit sprint**: Modify name, goal, dates, or linked Objective.
    - **Copy link**: Get a shareable link to this Sprint view.
    - **Favorite**: Mark the Sprint as a favorite.
    - **Delete sprint**: Remove the Sprint (use with caution).
- **Sprint Status & Dates**: Shows the calculated status (e.g., "In Progress") and the date range of the Sprint as badges.
- **Sprint Progress**: A progress bar and percentage indicating the overall completion of the Sprint based on its Stories.
- **Stories Overview Tabs**: A set of tabs providing insights into the Sprint's composition:
  - **Assignees**: Breakdown of Stories by who is assigned, with progress and counts for each user and for unassigned Stories.
  - **Status**: Breakdown of Stories by their current status (e.g., To Do, In Progress, Done), with progress and counts.
  - **Labels**: Breakdown of Stories by applied labels.
  - **Priority**: Breakdown of Stories by their priority level.

## Sprint Lifecycle Management

- **Planning Sprints**: Before a Sprint begins, teams typically hold a planning session to select Stories from the backlog and add them to the upcoming Sprint, ensuring the scope is achievable within the iteration timeframe.
- **Starting a Sprint**: While not explicitly detailed as a button in the explored code, a Sprint becomes "Active" or "In Progress" automatically when its `startDate` is reached.
- **Completing a Sprint**: A Sprint is considered "Completed" automatically when its `endDate` passes. Teams often hold a Sprint Review to demonstrate completed work and a Sprint Retrospective to discuss what went well and what could be improved.
  - **Handling Incomplete Work**: At the end of a Sprint, any unfinished Stories are typically moved back to the backlog or into the next Sprint, based on team discussion and prioritization.

Sprints in Forty One provide a robust framework for agile teams to deliver work incrementally and consistently.
