apps/docs/content/docs/administration/account/notifications.mdx, before:

---
title: Notification Settings
description: Configure how and when you receive notifications from FortyOne for various activities.
---

## Notification Channels

FortyOne provides notifications to keep you updated on relevant activities within your workspace. You can choose your preferred channels for receiving these updates.

- **In-App Notifications**: Alerts and updates delivered directly within the FortyOne application.
- **Email Notifications**: Updates sent to the email address associated with your FortyOne account.

## Notification Types

You can customize which types of events trigger notifications to avoid clutter and stay focused on what matters most to you.

The following event types can be configured for both in-app and email notifications:

| Event Type             | Description                                                                                                        |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Story updates**      | Get notified when a story you're involved with is updated.                                                         |
| **Comments**           | Get notified when someone comments on your stories.                                                                |
| **Mentions**           | Get notified when someone mentions you in a comment or story.                                                      |
| **Story comments**     | Get notified when comments are added to stories (likely a more general setting than "Comments" on _your_ stories). |
| **Objective updates**  | Get notified when objectives you are involved with are updated.                                                    |
| **Key result updates** | Get notified about updates to key results.                                                                         |

Commit message:

refactor: Replace all instances of "Stories" with "Tasks" throughout the documentation and application for consistency in terminology

apps/docs/content/docs/administration/account/notifications.mdx, after:

---
title: Notification Settings
description: Configure how and when you receive notifications from FortyOne for various activities.
---

## Notification Channels

FortyOne provides notifications to keep you updated on relevant activities within your workspace. You can choose your preferred channels for receiving these updates.

- **In-App Notifications**: Alerts and updates delivered directly within the FortyOne application.
- **Email Notifications**: Updates sent to the email address associated with your FortyOne account.

## Notification Types

You can customize which types of events trigger notifications to avoid clutter and stay focused on what matters most to you.

The following event types can be configured for both in-app and email notifications:

| Event Type             | Description                                                                                                    |
| :--------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Task updates**       | Get notified when a task you're involved with is updated.                                                      |
| **Comments**           | Get notified when someone comments on your tasks.                                                              |
| **Mentions**           | Get notified when someone mentions you in a comment or task.                                                   |
| **Task comments**      | Get notified when comments are added to tasks (likely a more general setting than "Comments" on _your_ tasks). |
| **Objective updates**  | Get notified when objectives you are involved with are updated.                                                |
| **Key result updates** | Get notified about updates to key results.                                                                     |
