apps/docs/content/docs/administration/account/preferences.mdx, before:

---
title: Preferences
description: Customize your Complexus user experience, such as theme settings and interface behavior.
---

## User Preferences

Personalize your Complexus environment to suit your workflow and visual comfort. Changes made here typically only affect your own user account.

### Appearance

- **Theme**: Choose between light mode, dark mode, or an option to sync with your operating system's theme settings.
  - _Dark Mode_: Reduces eye strain in low-light environments.
  - _Light Mode_: Offers a traditional bright interface.
  - _System Sync_: Automatically matches your OS theme.

### Accessibility

- **Reduced Motion**: Option to minimize animations and transitions for users sensitive to motion.
- **Keyboard Navigation Enhancements**: Settings to improve focus visibility or keyboard interaction cues.

### Regional Settings (If Applicable)

- **Language**: If Complexus supports multiple languages, you might be able to select your preferred language here.
- **Date & Time Formats**: Customize how dates and times are displayed.

### How to Update Your Preferences

1.  Navigate to **Settings** (usually via your user icon or a menu).
2.  Select **Account** from the settings navigation.
3.  Click on **Preferences**.
4.  Adjust the available settings to your liking.
5.  Changes are often applied immediately, or you may need to click a "Save Preferences" button.

_(This page describes common preference options. The actual settings available in Complexus may differ. Refer to your Complexus interface for the specific options available.)_

Commit message:

refactor: remove "Delete Account" and "Security Settings" documentation, and update "Account Settings" navigation for improved clarity and organization

apps/docs/content/docs/administration/account/preferences.mdx, after:

---
title: Preferences
description: Customize your Complexus user experience, including theme settings, automations, and interface behavior.
---

## User Preferences

Personalize your Complexus environment to suit your workflow and visual comfort. Changes made here typically only affect your own user account.

### Appearance

- **Theme**: Choose between light mode, dark mode, or an option to sync with your operating system's theme settings.
  - _Dark Mode_: Reduces eye strain in low-light environments.
  - _Light Mode_: Offers a traditional bright interface.
  - _System Sync_: Automatically matches your OS theme.

### Automations

Configure how stories are automatically handled based on certain actions. These settings can help streamline your workflow.

| Automation                                           | Description                                                                                                   | Control       |
| :--------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------ |
| **Auto-assign to self**                              | When creating new stories, automatically assign them to yourself by default.                                  | Toggle On/Off |
| **On git branch copy, move story to started status** | After copying the git branch name for a story, automatically move the story to the "Started" workflow status. | Toggle On/Off |
| **On git branch copy, assign to yourself**           | After copying the git branch name for a story, automatically assign the story to yourself.                    | Toggle On/Off |
